Document way to create Flux resources with non-supported parameters (#113936)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-arc/kubernetes/tutorial-use-gitops-flux2.md

Flux supports many parameters to enable various scenarios. For a description of all parameters that Flux supports, see the [official Flux documentation](https://fluxcd.io/docs/). Flux in Azure doesn't support all parameters yet. Let us know if a parameter you need is missing from the Azure implementation.

For more information about available parameters and how to use them, see [GitOps Flux v2 configurations with AKS and Azure Arc-enabled Kubernetes](conceptual-gitops-flux2.md#parameters).

> A workaround to deploy Flux resources with non-supported parameters is to define the required Flux custom resources (for example [GitRepository](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/source/gitrepositories/), [Kustomization](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/kustomize/kustomization/) etc.) inside your git repository, and deploy these resources with the `az k8s-configuration flux create` command. You will then still be able to access your Flux resources through the Azure Arc UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workaround to deploy Flux resources with non-supported parameters is to define the required Flux custom resources inside your git repository. For example, [GitRepository](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/source/gitrepositories/), [Kustomization](https://fluxcd.io/flux/components/kustomize/kustomization/), etcetera. Then deploy these resources with the `az k8s-configuration flux create` command. You will then still be able to access your Flux resources through the Azure Arc UI.
```
clarity and MS style
